The questions that I get asked more than any others are all about how I make Football Manager look the way that I do. Whether that be what skin do I use, what face pack do I use, what badge pack do I use, the list goes on and on and I'm constantly inundated by these questions. I get it though. You see a creator making their game look a specific way and you think, "How do I do that?" So, in today's video, I'm going to go through every way that I mod Football Manager, how I change the way that Football Manager looks cosmetically, all in one video, all in one place, so that so that you can go and do the same in your game if you want to. And and then also I can link this video to people when when they ask me. Come [Music] on. Now, the question that I get asked the most out of all questions is, "What skin are you using in your game?" And the answer is that I use a custom skin. It's the Cate skin. That's why it says Clates at the top there. It's a custom Cate Kajuro skin which you can actually find in the description of today's video. And there's the name of it there. Look, if you want to download this specific skin, the link to that is in the description, as well as I'll put links to everything that I include in today's video in that description so that you can hopefully follow along and download all of these things and use them. Now, a skin is very, very easy to install. I want to give you some tips as well as telling you what I use. I want to actually make sure that I show you how to go and include them in your game. I know that for some of you this is just second nature and you've been modding and changing your Football Manager games for years on years now. I know that for some of you though, you've never actually changed it and you are still using the default skin and you don't put face packs or any of that stuff feels like it's quite overwhelming. I get you. I understand you. So, I'll try and give as much detail as I feel is necessary for you to kind of make a start on this. One thing I will say is whenever you download a face pack or a logo pack or whatever it might be to include in your game, the websites you download them from often include a guide in which is just step by step and you can follow it from there. My advice is don't feel like it's overwhelming because once you do it once you realize, oh that was really easy. Why wasn't I doing that the whole time? FM skins, it couldn't be easier. In fact, you just need to download the file and make sure you pop it into the correct folder and then in game you'll be able to find it here. Look in preferences when you look for skin. And then that folder, as well as loads of the things I'm going to show you in today's video, you will find in your sports interactive folder. Now, mine's saved on my D drive. You you probably just need to find where you've got Football Manager installed to save to on your computer. And obviously, this will be different if you're playing on Mac, for example. So, once you found your sports interactive folder, you want to go and find skins as a folder. If you don't have a skins folder on here and you're like, where do I save it? Just create a folder called skins. literally just do right click, new, new folder, call it skins, and then the game will be able to pull the skins that you've downloaded from that place there. So, go to your skins folder and then you just save it into here. You can see that the Kajura Clates Edition skin that I'm using is saved in here. It's an FMF file. And then once it's saved in here in game, you'll it will pop up here. Look, these are the other skins that I've got installed. Just select it and go from there. Easy peasy. Now, the reason that I like my skin specifically is because it has a few features that I really like. one, it has stadium pictures on there, and I think it just gives you another extra bit of realism to the to the game, knowing what your stadium might look like. It also means that you can go and do custom stadiums, which is something we're going to come on to in the future. It has the stadium on here. It also, when you go to a player profile screen, the photo of the players a little bit bigger than the default skin, which I like. It has the shirt and the shirt number on here, too. Also really fun on the tactics screen, it has the player faces on the tactics here, as well as their nation flag and a few other features on here, too. There is more to it than that, but there is more to it than that. Those are kind of the main things that I wanted in my Football Manager skin. I wanted it to be quite close to the default skin, but with a few extra features that I'm always sort of looking for, as well as on here, it has things like the abilities and pros and cons that you can pop on here, as well as right foot, left foot, etc. One thing to mention as well, if you want to go and customize these, these are all drop-own menus. So, you can go and make your profile screen look the way that you want it to. If you want to see eligibility, for example, you can just select it from the drop down here. Form, fitness, etc. I've got a very specific way that I've got mine set up now so that I can always know where to look for certain pieces of information. Modding this and changing it in your game can be a real game changer. Another thing really quick thing to mention as well, lots of you ask me, how do I just have it so that it's just the icons on the left hand side here rather than the names of things like squad on here. That's just an option in preferences. If you go to advanced and then all and then scroll down until you find interface, it's where the skin section is. Look, there is an option for sidebar icons only. And if you just select that, it will then add or remove the sidebar so that you have just the icons, which I just quite like because it means that I get more of the screen rather than I know what these icons will select and it's muscle memory to which one I go and click on. I just do it that way around. Another thing to mention as well, which a lot of people ask me about, depending on your monitor size, you might just want to go to your resolution here and make sure that it is correct for what your monitor size is. Now, I play on a 4K monitor, so it's pretty big, so I actually zoom in my game by 125%. If you have a laptop screen, you might want to zoom out a little bit or play around with these so that you've got it. I'll just show you what it looks like. If I go back to standard size because my monitor's quite big, the resolution is quite high. I want to make sure it zooms in a little bit. Otherwise, I'll be looking at this the whole time, which is a little bit small. I think you would agree. Right now, before we move on, just a quick one. Obviously, you may not want to use my skin, and you might be wondering, where do I find other Football Manager skins from? Well, it's pretty simple, really. If you just Google FM24 skins, you'll find websites like FM Scout or Sort Out Si or FM inside. These all host different skins that you can go and download. Try out different ones until you find ones that you really like. And and it's exactly the same from here. Once you download them, pop them into the correct folder. Load them from inside of your game. There's actually another way as well. If you play Football Manager via Steam, you can just go to the workshop here, select skins, and then you've got a whole load of them here, which is really easy to install. If you're a bit worried about the folder thing, you just choose a skin from here. You can just click subscribe and then it will already you can just click subscribe and then that skin will download for you. Then the next time you launch the game, it will be there in the game. The WTCS skin here will now start to appear in my game once I go to here. There you go. Just from subscribing to it in the Steam Workshop. I'm sure there's loads of other different bits and pieces that I could talk to you about about skins and and the different uses of them in the game. Another big one just to point out, the reason that I really like my skin specifically is because it does include an instant result button that I can use to go and quickplay game, which which obviously other skins might not have. Next up, I want to talk to you about the player face images that I use and the specific face pack that I use in FM24. Now, I use the sort out SI cutouts face pack for my Football Manager saves. It has this really clean look where the players don't it's just their faces and there's and a transparent background behind them. So, it isn't like this blocky thing that's in the game. I really I've used it for years and years now. I think it is just the cleanest way. It also matches up with the official players that are in the game that are already that are licensed and have photos already in the game. It matches up with those ones, too. So, I always use this one. The way that you can find that is either look in the description of today's video or just search FM24 cutout player faces and then it's the first option on here. Sort out si.net and then you can download the entire face pack here, which pre-warning is a massive file. It's 12 GB. So this one might take you a while to download and then move into the correct location. But you can download it from here by clicking this link here. Look for the entire cutout player faces pack and then the place to save it which there are instructions here. Look how to install them. But very quickly you just need to save that into the same folder as I was showing you before. So find sports interactive and then what you're looking for now is a graphics subfolder. Now in here you have all sorts of options. You have faces. I've then got some custom faces my own. This is where you also put your kits and your logos, but we'll come on to that a little bit later in the video. You just need to save it into here, and it'll be something that looks like this. Look, once you've saved it, it'll be these faces that has so many files of all different faces of the players and the managers and the staff that are in the game here. Look, once you've done this, you might just need to reload the skin in game. And a quick note as well, if things aren't working, just clear the cache and it just seems to help with making things pull through and work properly. Clear your cache on here. And then also make sure you reload the skin to make sure you've got this button that says reload skin. You just need to scroll down and here it says reload skin when confirming changes in preferences. If that's not clicked, that button goes away. Look, if you just make sure it's there, you can then reload the skin and then that will make sure it pulls through and everything that you've got set up should then be working nicely in the game. Now, another big question that I do get asked all the time with this type of thing is how do I put custom faces into the game? How do I change the faces of real players? or perhaps most popular, how do I change the new gen faces to have my own custom faces? For example, here was my Katanzara youth only save where one of our strikers was Angelo Campani. He didn't always have this face, but I've generated a face and then put it into the game. Now, I'm going to give you a quick little guide through on how to go about how to go about doing this, how I go about doing this. There are loads of different options. You can go and use the new Jan face packs which will generate all of these and do this for you or you can do it manually like I like to do and have a bit more control about creating the faces of the the players that are in your save yourself. I'm going to show you what I do now which first of all what you need to find is the unique ID of your of your new gen players. You'll find that unique ID by go again going to your preferences going to skin and checking the button that says show screen IDs in the title bar to assist skinning. So click this. Also, if you don't want to reload the skin every time, get rid of reloading the skin and then it will just appear. Now, his unique ID is R-202 110977, which is not how you read numbers, but that's how I've read that number there for you. This number is important because when you create a player face, you're going to save it as this ID and then that will help you to pull it through so that it will be in the game. Now, we'll get to that step in a second. First of all, how do I how do I generate a face like this one? I use midjourney. Now, there are loads of other options. You can use basically any AI platform or create it yourself or use your the photo of your mate, whatever you want to do. I use MidJourney. And the prompt that I use because I know a lot of you ask about this, is something like this. Now, here's an example of a different player face that I created. Now, I like the generated face to have referenced the Football Manager new gen face, which we we can all agree doesn't look particularly good, does it? This face here. So, I've just done a screenshot, pasted it to mid Journey, and then I've asked it to using this prompt here. So, an 85mm DSLR color photography of a very detailed head shot from neck up, keeping all the head and hair in the image of a 23-year-old Dutch soccer player based on the this reference image. And then it links this reference image here. That type of prompt gives you this type of photo, which is I think as close to a real life new gen photo is about about as about as realistic as you're going to get. Now, they all do come out ridiculously handsome, which is one thing to consider, but then you get four options. I then choose one of these and then remove the background and then save that file in a folder that I've created called custom faces. Now on this particular one, it's called Katanzaro faces. You can create multiple folders here and that's absolutely fine because each of them will have their own config file which the game reads all the faces and the images through from your PC. So Katanaro faces here are all of the new gens that we had in my Katanzaro save and the config file. You'll notice that all of these are saved as their unique ID in the game. So an yellow campani that we looked at before, this was his unique ID and I've saved it as so. Now, now I haven't got the r slash on here, but you will need to include that in your config file. Now, this is where it gets a little bit scary, but there are guides for all of these things all over the internet if you want to go and search for it or if you watch this very closely, hopefully it will help you to go and do it in your game. Your config file you can open in Notepad and it will show you everything that's in there. Now these lines here are what the game reads to pull the photo through into the game so that you can see it. And it says the photo for this unique ID. So let's look at Campanis here which is 977 which is this one here. It says record from and then this is your image and where you've saved it. So I've saved it as the unique number. Look 2002 110977. And then in the game the graphic picture person is this person here. And you'll notice the R dash is on this part here and this is the number that it then pulls through. And then that will be that player's portrait in the game. If you just copy this here exactly and write it like this, then having this line of code almost here exactly like this will then present that player in the game. If you want to do a screenshot of this ex, copy exactly and then just change the numbers that are within the inverted commas. This is what you've got it saved as. This is what it needs to be for the exactly like the unique ID. You don't have the R dash here. For new gen players, it won't work. For non- new gen players, you don't need the R dash. That's just the difference between a new gen player and a non- new gen player on here. For example, this player here, look, was a real life player, but just didn't have a photo in the game. So, the one that ends in 221, which is this one here, look, doesn't have the R dash on there because you just you don't need it for real life players. Hopefully, that makes sense. Once you've saved this, you just need to click save, close it. Once you've clicked save there and you go back into your game, you do the same thing, which is to reload the skin. You might just want to go and clear the cache as well. Clear the cache. Then go to reload skin. Once you reload that skin, that player then will pop up in your game. You can go and change real life players photos to whatever you want. You can go and change your new gens like I've just shown you. You can go and change manager faces, star faces, etc., etc. One thing that I do get asked as well is how do I change my own manager face? So that here, look, you can have a photo in your game. The way that you go and do that is in preferences rather than what I've just shown you. If you go to preferences, there is an option once you scroll down called change profile picture. If you go to change profile picture, if you go to Wonder if I've got a face on here and then you can find your own photos that are saved. Just found a photo of me here. Look. And load that in and then confirm. That will then be your profile photo in the game. Obviously, you can go and pose one that's a little bit better sized than this one here. But that's the way that you put your manager photos into the game. Slightly different to the way that you put player faces into the game. Hopefully that whistle stop tour teaches you how to go and do that, how to generate your own ones. Bonus tip as well here. This website is fantastic for removing the background for any image that you want to do. It's called remove.bg. If you if you just paste an image, I'm going to post a picture a photo of Mbappe here. If you just post an image on this website, it will remove the background for you straight away. And then you can just save this as that unique ID and then the game will have a photo that doesn't have a background that will match your cutouts face pack that you've downloaded as well. Bonus tip for you there. love, love this website. And that takes us through to my next thing, which is kits. Now, kits, I've actually made a whole video all about this, which will be pinned in uh above me somewhere here if you want to go and watch that in more detail how to do this, cuz I'm not going to I'm not going to dwell on this one too long. But kit packs, you can go and download in the exact same way as you've done previously. And if you want to create custom kits, I use a program called FMit Creator, which you can find at fmkitcreator.com. And I create custom kits such as these Katanzaro ones that are here. Look, I created these ones myself and then they load into the game. And I've, like I said, I've done a whole video all about this. With kits, you save them into the same folder as before. It's your graphics folder and then you have a kits folder or you create a kits folder and then you save all of your kits in here. Now, if I just show you my Wolfsburg one here. This is my Wolfsburg home kit. Very much the same thing. It is the kit, which is the 2D kit that you see on the on the club screen. And then you have a 3D kit texture, which is saved here. And then this is all read by the config file in the same way that faces are. Now you these FM kit creator will create you both of these versions so that not only do you get the 2D kit which is this one here but that kit will also be reflected in game with the players actually wearing them when you play a game in the 3D engine which is cool. To download kit packs exactly the same thing. Search FM24 kits. Go and find the best ones. I use a mixture of loads of different ones but the main one is sort out SI SS kits mega pack of 2025. If you go and Google that one, you'll find that specific kit pack or check the link that will be in the description of today's video. Let's have a look at logos. Now, logos very similar to kits and very similar to face packs that you download. You will download them from whichever website you want to go and find them from or if you can go and subscribe to them on Steam. Exactly the same as before. A logo pack, there's not as many choices because it is literally just the club badges being loaded into the game. The one that I use is from FM Scouts. I'll put a link to it in the description as before. And what you do is you download that file, that folder. You then extract it and place it into graphics logos and place it here. So mine's just called logos in this here. But I've also got some custom ones that I've created which I'll tell which I'll talk about in a second. But this logo pack here is a massive mega pack that includes all of the teams from all around the world. If I go to Europe, look, go to England, go to clubs, you'll be able to see that all of the English clubs club badges are here. You've got Liverpool through to Manchester United through to non-league teams all the way down the pyramid in England. all in this kit pack here. And it's actually set up exactly the same. If you go and scroll to the bottom, there'll be a config file. That config file will have all of these. Look, and it's saved like this. So, if you did want to do a custom one, if you had a custom club or anything like that, you record it in the exact same way. So, you save it as the unique ID number. And then make sure that it matches up here. Look, and that will be their logo. You get you get normal size ones, which is the ones that you see on the club screen. You also have smaller ones, which you save also, which are teeny tiny files. which are the which are the badges that pop up on the league tables and things like that. Honestly, with logos, you don't need to mess around or play with them too many. There are a few there are a few different varieties of of different logos. You can go and get some old school ones that have like retro logos and things or you can get shiny ones. I think generally most people just want to have all of the badges from all of the teams around the world in their game. And that's kind of what these mega packs that you can download will go and do for you. Now, I have done some custom ones. For example, this spineless Wolfsburgger one here is something that I created myself. And I've just made a new folder in the logos folder called normal because there's normal and small and it has both of them in there. Look, normal and small. And then I've done it exactly the same way with the config file. You can go and do this custom yourself. What you could also do is go and add these to your normal logo pack. So if I went to Europe here, I could go, in fact, I'll show you where I've done it with Wolfsburg. If I go to Germany and go to clubs where Wolfsburg normally would be, I've taken their logo out and saved it again as my own custom logo, which I'll just zoom in for you a little bit here. Look, then I don't need to change the config file. I've just changed the image in the game here. Look. So, that's one thing. That's probably the easiest way that you could go about doing this. If you wanted to create a custom logo, that is. Now, just as a bonus tip, if you did want to create your own custom badges, which I'm sure lots of you will ask about, I actually use Canva as the basis for this. It's really good for like bending the text around in a circle and things like that and giving you a bit of a basis to to start from. If you just go to the search thing here and search for logo or badge or something like that, it gives you all of these templates which you can go and edit. So, you can go and have a bit of a starting point of what you want it to look like and then edit it from there, which is just kind of my tip for how to go go about doing this. Then I save it transparent without a background, save it into the correct folder in the game, load it through, clear the cache, reload the skin, etc. and then they'll appear in the game as you want them to, just like this here. Look. Now, the final thing I want to show you in today's video is the stadium images that I use in my game. For example, here with Napoli, we have the Stio Diego Maradona Stadium in Naples, and it actually has the photo in the game. Now, one thing to mention is if you don't use a skin that shows the stadium photos, you won't be able to see this, but if you do, this will be blank unless you download a stadium pack that can go with it. Now, I like to have the stadiums on my club screen because, as I mentioned before, I think it adds a little bit of extra realism, especially when you get further into a save and you can create your own stadium images of new stadiums that are built in your game. For example, with Katanzaro, we built the Stadio Gventu, which is the youth stadium in Italian. It was built in 2031. Look, and I've added an extra custom image to to bring it to life a little bit. Now, the way that you add normal stadium images is by downloading an image pack of stadiums. Now, I've downloaded the FM Touch, the FMT stadium super pack, which has all of the different stadiums from all around the world in there. It also they're all saved as their unique IDs in the game. And then there's a config file, which means that they all get loaded into the game. If I want to change any of these images, I save them into this stadium pack here. If I want to add my own stadium images, I just save them into this folder here. For example, this is the Stadio Gventu that I just showed you. I save it in this folder and then on the config file I edit this in the notepad and I just add I copy and paste a line from here and add a new line that has that stadium in there. It's probably the top one. It's probably these top ones added on here. Look, same way that you add the player faces and the logos and everything else. All done via these config files which are saved in the in the folders where you save all this stuff. That's all pretty simple and it will all definitely be explained in the instructions when you download the Stadium Super Pack. You probably be able to go and download these things from the Steam Workshop as well on here. I'm just looking as well. By the way, you do have things like face packs, logos, kits, languages, player pools, player instructions, this type of stuff on here, too. I'm sure stadiums will be on that part as well. Now, loads of you ask me about how I generate my own stadium images. Now, that's very similar to the way that I create player faces, and that is using MidJourney. Again, here's the prompt that I used to generate the image of the Katanzaro stadium. And it is a little bit like you have to go back and forth and tweak things until you get one that you're happy with, but I use the prompt 4K resolution hyperrealistic aerial view of a modern football stadium. Seat color red, which I spelled color wrong on there, but it didn't seem to matter. With 20,000 seats situated in sunny Katanzaro, Italy. Now, that's probably more than 20,000 seats, but work with it until you find one that you're happy with type of thing. Then save that image into this folder here. add an extra line on the config file and it will pull it through from there. I can actually see the final ones on here are all ones that I've generated. There's one that I generated for my Worcester city save for example. I actually on this one I generated the image with mid Journey and then I edited it in photo editing software to add things like welcome like the Lenny family stand on here and added a badge to the side and added some sponsorship on here just to add some personal touches on there make it a little bit more realistic as well. That's how you add the photo of the stadium in there. Now, I was also though able to change the name of the stadium. And the way that you do that is by changing this document or creating this document here. Now, this one's a little bit more complicated. There are videos that explain this in a little bit more detail than this. They may be from older versions of Football Manager, but they still apply and they still work for this year's game as well. You need to find your Steam library, Steam apps folders, and where they are saved. Mine's actually saved in a different place. It's on my D drive. You then need to go through the following folders. common Football Manager 2024 data database DB and then the database that your game is loaded on. Mine is 2430. Then you need the LNC folder and then it's in all. Now that's a little bit complicated. I'll just show you and go through it as well. You go to your Steam library, Steam apps common, then find and then find your game which is FM24 here. Data database DB and then whichever database you're using, it's probably the biggest number, the most recent database on here. 2430 LNC and then here you will need to go into all and then you can create this is where you save things like name fixes if you want to change the names of any of the teams that are in the game you can do that after a save has been created for example this is an extra bonus tip I've changed Wolfsburg from Wolfsburg to spineless Wolfsburg I've done that via this document here it's an LNC file it's called club names if I open it for you has all of the names of the different teams in the game and then changing them to make them more realistic for example like rail Real Madrid are actually Real Madrid in the game rather than R. Madrid. Teams that aren't licensed, you can then go and update the names. You can download name fixes from FM Scout as I've done here, then add on extra bits to the to the file. If you want to go and change any of your own names or go and find the names in that file and change them. So, for example, I can controlf find Wolfsburg and see that I've changed Wolfsburg name change. That's their unique ID and I've changed them to spineless Wolfsburg. And then in the game, they pop up as Spineless Wolfsburg. I've done the same here. They look for Wolfsburgger in Austria and then they are known as Spineless Wolfsburgger as an example. That's a bonus little extra tip for you. Stadium names works in a very similar way. You might need to create this document yourself called stadium. It's a very simple document. You just need to write an inverted comma stadium name change exactly like this with capitals. Then the unique ID of the stadium that's been created and then what you want it to actually be called. So you can see that I've changed it to Stadio Gventu. I've also got the Braveheart Arena in a different save. I've also got my Wolvesburg Arena. It's called the Spineless Arena. And I've changed Wolves's stadium to spineless Molyneu in here, too. So, this can work. And then once you've saved this and then reload your skin, you might need to reload the entire game. And you might want to do this before the game is actually loaded up. Then once you've done this, it will have the name changed in your game. A little bonus extra thing. All of these little bits and pieces that you can do, they just make it more realistic, don't they? they make. They add a little bit of authenticity to your save and it feels like a lot of work, but if you're like me, it feels worth it. So, hopefully today's video has been helpful for you. If it has been, let me know in the comments down below. If you have any questions, ask them down below and I'll either try and get back to you. No promises, but maybe other people will be able to help you along the way as well. Help each other to try and make our Football Manager experiences the best that they can be. That sounds nice, doesn't it? What a lovely way to end. That is where we'll end it for today. Thank you very much for watching. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so already. And whilst you're here, whilst you're having a lovely time on YouTube, go and watch the video that pops up at the end of this video now because it'll be a good one. I'm sure you'll enjoy it. See you later. [Music] [Music]