FM26's release did not go well. And a big reason for that was the UI. It was clunky. It was hard to understand. And it was difficult to use. And the worst part, it was designed in a way where it couldn't be modded until now. Actually, not until now. Some brave souls have been working on this for a while. They managed to get around this giant firewall that Football Managers erected and rearrange it in a way that makes it look good, like this, this, and this. and I'm going to take you on a tour of some of the best skins for FM26. But in order to do that, you're going to have to put on your hacking glasses. Uh, these are the best ones I was able to find. Hopefully, these are acceptable for you. Because the game was designed in a way to prevent skins from being added, you're going to have to do a little more leg work than usual. Don't worry, I'm about to walk you through how this works. Okay, I can't see anything. The first skin we're going to take a look at is the material skin by Budweiser. I can only assume that that's like the brother of Budweiser. It works for Windows and Mac. And importantly, and what I was waiting for to make this video, has a hot fix for 26.2, which is the big update in March to Football Manager, which kind of broke a lot of the mods that had been created. Where in the past in old Football Managers, you could go to the graphics folder and there was literally just a skins folder, or you could just make a skins folder and then life would be good. There's no skins folder. This time, you got to go into the Steam apps. Walk with me on this journey. Common football manager 26, right? Steam Steam apps. Common Football Manager 26 FM data streaming assets doublea standalone Windows 64. All right. Now, the installation instructions they specifically have here say, "Locate the original files in the game's data folder and make a backup copy before proceeding." doesn't actually tell you what those are. So, I'll tell you. When you download the folder, I'd recommend making a folder. Like, I have FM Keep because I've been doing this a lot with a lot of different things. And then here's the skins folder. You see the couple of skins we're going to try out today. And then here's the material skin folder. And then you go into the Windows section. These are all of the, you know, these are all of the files that are basically going to re be replaced. You want to make a backup copy of all of these files before you do this. Now remember, if you know the rubber meets the road and for some reason a new update like totally breaks your game again, you can always just reddownload the game. Or if you're on Steam, you just do this little number where you go to properties and then you go to installed files and you can verify the integrity of the game files and that will allow you to like replace and kind of reinstall those files. Whenever you're doing that, I'm just saying this as a way to try and like save you. You're going to want to pull any saved games that you're worried about losing out of the game before you do that just to be safe. I usually pull them out of the game and upload them to Google Drive as well just to make sure that there's a 0% chance that my save ever goes anywhere. I don't want to lose it. You do that by going into document sports interactive games and that's where you can find your save files. You see I got like 40,000 Malia saves. That's cuz I stream on Twitch. So there's probably a lot of different ways you can do this. The way I'm going to do it that's just really simple is I notice all of these literally start with UI. So I'm just going to go to the UI section of this folder cuz it's sorted alphabetically and just copy all of the UI things. I forgot to click shift. So, you know, probably you'll be able to do this a lot more efficiently than me. Then I'm going to make another folder in here that's going to be like material skin or material skin keep. And it's just going to be like all of the UI files for like what I did to replace this in the first place. And then I'll be able to go into the actual material skin folder, go to the Windows section, and then just copy and paste these, bring them over, and replace files and destination. And now the skin is installed. So theoretically when we launch the game it will be reskinned for the first time. Just cuz they made it harder doesn't mean that they were going to be able to stop the dream. Well, first of all, the home screen's looking completely different. But let's load into my Malia save. This is looking completely different, too. I'm honestly liking this. The most important thing for me is the proof of concept that you can actually mod the UI in this game because Football Manager clearly made this game in a way where they they didn't make the modding part. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yo, that looks clean. I love love love this background. I don't know what the space is doing here though, but the whole like we've got the whole table taking up the right side of the screen. That does look really good. Oh, how smooth did that feel, by the way. Clicking around here, there is like a little loading lag. I think that might be something that's kind of on the back end, but some of this stuff felt very clear. So, we've got our messages off to the side. Player database is searchable. We got data hub. You can go into your tactics here. So, when I'm looking at images of this skin, there's supposed to be like a schedule of my next matches played that's here, too. I don't know if maybe I need to hit like continue once or twice to get that to pop up. I feel like that would be uh that would be pretty sick. There's something about this little space in here that I'm really really enjoying. It helps your eye kind of sort through the information better. The font, I don't know about the font. Might be in a take it or leave it category. I feel like fonts usually are. There's honestly a lot of this feels like it's bringing it back to past FMs. Like something about the way the attribute pages look, it's bringing it back to past FMS for me. I don't know if that's hearkening back for other people, but I am I'm definitely getting like a whiff of this is what kind of older Football Manager looks like. So, I can totally see how this skin would be. Ooh, let me get this to feel a little more familiar. I feel like that's why they should have tried to enable skinning more in the game in the base game because it it gives people the opportunity to create a UI where they are more comfortable and this definitely feels like it could be a UI where they're more comfortable like this out of possession stuff. I'm more comfortable. I was thinking this might be a resolution thing. It's very hard to get it to work with all resolutions. Definitely this recommendation screen the the recommendation screen is just basically giving me PTSD. Oh, this is so much nicer. Oh, this short list screen feels so nice. But this is just one of the three big time skins that we are going to test out. And this one doesn't seem to make big changes to the match day experience, which other ones actually do. But I like it. Football Manager is healing. Let's see how easy it is to switch between skins here. Now, I did do something wrong last time. You want to copy and paste just so that these files also stay here. We're going to go and replace those files with the same name. I'm just working under the assumption that they're replacing all of the same files and that that's how they do the reskinning. But if you want to be extra safe, what you can do is go back to your material skin keep and then just like repaste this in here. And that replaces all of the files that we replaced with the last one. And then I go into the new skin right here. I copy and paste all of these and then I paste them in there. And then we have the base game files which are just being added to by this latest skin. And that should be uh that should be good. Now I will need to quit out of the game, which I just did, and go back in. I'm assuming it's going to look different. Whoa, it's got a new entrance screen. What was that? This feels more like a FIFA game, you know, like with the old FIFA games where it's coming in this way. I have played 11 days, 4 hours, and 21 minutes of this save. Chump change, if you ask me. Chump change. Ooh. Ooh. This one, it kind of blends it all together, but this is a pretty significant change. Like I'm I'm interested to see the level of change that is allowed with skins. It feels brighter. It almost feels blurry like I'm blinking, you know, this the way the stars are done. But at a certain point, whether you like a skin or not, you know, it comes down to whether you like, you know, certain art styles and whatever. And I could definitely see the appeal of this art style. This isn't necessarily a hearkening back to, you know, the style of previous football managers. This is the introduction of, you know, kind of a a simpler bit of stuff here. See like the training screen. Okay. Match day. Okay. We Oh, I like this. I like this little first team section we got going on over here. This shows you like who we've got selected. The tactic screen. Okay. And my substitutes are in this like more condensed bench down here. I'm looking at the screen. I'm just getting it gets rid of the blockiness. Like if your biggest problem with the UI of FM26 is how blocky it is, this just completely removes the blockiness. Like it it does still have the panels for you to click on, but all that blockiness is now gone. Okay, we got this. It's got this we got this stareyed style everywhere with the the the fuzzy stars stuff. My goodness. Functional scroll bars. What a day. What a day. All right, now let's try the last skin, which looks like it makes some solid changes to the during match overlay stuff as well. Fortunately, I already have all of that downloaded. So, this last one, because all the fancy stuff it's doing, requires an even bigger overhaul, and you really have to get all hacker man with it. So, first of all, you have to go into this packages folder. You know, bring all of this stuff out. Now, this is a larger number of things than we previously saw. So, I went into my standalone Windows folder and basically copied and pasted all of this into a separate folder in the skins section. So, I got a lot of things open right now. I named it skins keep full, right? And I just pasted I pasted all of this stuff in there. So I can basically restore this entire folder, you know, whenever I want to. And as a result, I'm able to copy and paste this over without having to worry about, you know, what other issues are happening. The rest of this I grab and I put in the football manager folder, which is right over here. Boom. And now you'll notice in the graphics folder, along with my faces and my logos that I already had installed, there's now a bunch more stuff that appears over there. What I should have done is copy and paste it cuz that's what we're doing. We're copying and we're pasting. But everything stays with integrity here. And now when we launch the game, we should be good to go. It's crazy that they just don't have a picture of me up there. That's insane. I mean, we're talking about famous managers here. Wo. Hello, Mama Mia. This is a full reskinning of the game, but let's go check out a match. Oh, they've made the inmatch thing like seethrough. And they've given us sponsored ad boards. That's part of it. We get all Look at all the sponsored ad boards, dude. I feel like they should be paying me for this video. Where are you, Cosberg? Okay, so this is I guess more similar to like the old screen is what they've come up with, but I'm not getting that little I I like that little pitch with all the dots moving around that actually that's new to the game. So, I don't know if I'd use this skin personally cuz I love having that, but I totally I love the Adboard stuff. It's all very cool. I don't know if I've ever installed a mod into the game that allows you to mess with that sort of thing, but it's all an example of what is now possible. These brave people that are pushing the envelope and like rewriting the entire back end of the game to be able to open this stuff up. So, I'm incredibly grateful to them and to everybody that is making the attempt to try and mod this game, even though the UI is that, you know, they're trying to make it as unmodable as possible. If you want to check out any of these skins, they're linked down in the description. And if you want to check out any other skin, just Google FM26 skin and you can find one that has the art style you love. Just make sure it's compatible with the latest major update 26.2 because if it's not, it will crash your game. But leave a nice little comment for them to create a patch for it and they'll probably do it just for you. These are usually nice people. I'll see you on stream.